add a link to the stateful set blog (#9801)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.10.x/announcing-1.10/_index.md

In 1.10, Istio is updating Envoy to send traffic to the application on `eth0` rather than `lo` by default. For new users, this should only be an improvement. For existing users, `istioctl experimental precheck` will identify pods that listen on localhost, and may be impacted, as [IST0143](/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0143/).

> See [the write-up](/blog/2021/upcoming-networking-changes/) by John Howard for a more in depth overview of the change, how and why it might impact you, and how to preserve today’s behavior to enable a seamless migration. Interested in `StatefulSets`? [Check out the great write-up](/blog/2021/statefulsets-made-easier/) by Lin, Christian, John and Zhonghu on how `StatefulSets` are made easier with Istio 1.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the write-up](/blog/2021/upcoming-networking-changes/) by John Howard for a more in depth overview of the change, how and why it might impact you, and how to preserve today’s behavior to enable a seamless migration. 

The changes in networking behavior solve a number of problems when using Istio with Kubernetes `StatefulSets`. [Lin, Christian, John and Zhonghu discuss this In a blog post](/blog/2021/statefulsets-made-easier/).
```
